[EDU-6259] refactor: add new services in ToS file (#1512)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/agreements/tos/terms-of-service.mdx

---
title: 'Terms of Service - February 25, 2025'

> description: 'Access the terms of service for all Azion products - November 7, 2024.'

Author: ```suggestion
description: 'Access the terms of service for all Azion products - February 25, 2025.'
```

> **Data Stream:** designed to collect data from the Edge Applications or any other Azion's Products and Services. The Customer will choose which data to be collected and, by doing so, automatically declare to be authorized to collect all the selected data. AZION DOES NOT HOLD RESPONSIBILITY BY: (A) THE USAGE OF THE DATA BY THE CUSTOMER, (B) THE CUSTOMER RIGHTS TO COLLECT THEIR USER'S DATA. The collected data is sent to the customer's infrastructure using the protocol chosen in the Azion Console interface or API by the Customer, formatted in NDJSON (Newline Delimited JSON) in a configurable template. The data is dispatched in blocks of 2 thousand requests separated by \\n (Newline), or 60 seconds, whichever happens first. Azion will use all commercially reasonable efforts to send all the data to the Customer's infrastructure, or its suppliers, in real time or with a delay lower than 3 minutes. However, in the case of access peaks, attacks or external causes, the delay can be greater. THE CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE INFRASTRUCTURE TO RECEIVE THE DATA AND, IN CASE OF UNAVAILABILITY, AZION CAN DISCARD THE DATA. Except as otherwise provided for in the Customer Agreement or any other documents attached thereto, Data Stream will be billed considering the (a) Data Stream Requests and (b) Data Streamed, according to the volumes consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Data Stream:** designed to collect data from the Edge Applications or any other Azion's Products and Services. The Customer will choose which data to be collected and, by doing so, automatically declare to be authorized to collect all the selected data. AZION DOES NOT HOLD RESPONSIBILITY FOR: (A) THE USAGE OF THE DATA BY THE CUSTOMER, (B) THE CUSTOMER RIGHTS TO COLLECT THEIR USER'S DATA. The collected data is sent to the customer's infrastructure using the protocol chosen in the Azion Console interface or API by the Customer, formatted in NDJSON (Newline Delimited JSON) in a configurable template. The data is dispatched in blocks of 2 thousand requests separated by \\n (Newline), or 60 seconds, whichever happens first. Azion will use all commercially reasonable efforts to send all the data to the Customer's infrastructure, or its suppliers, in real time or with a delay lower than 3 minutes. However, in the case of access peaks, attacks or external causes, the delay can be greater. THE CUSTOMER IS RESPONSIBLE FOR THE AVAILABILITY OF THE INFRASTRUCTURE TO RECEIVE THE DATA AND, IN CASE OF UNAVAILABILITY, AZION CAN DISCARD THE DATA. Except as otherwise provided for in the Customer Agreement or any other documents attached thereto, Data Stream will be billed considering the (a) Data Stream Requests and (b) Data Streamed, according to the volumes consumed.
```
